README.md, before:

# Fitcoin (name pending) dApp

## Gotchas
* [This took WAY longer than it should have](https://portal.thirdweb.com/react/v5/migrate/ethers-adapter#signer)

# Starter documentation below

![tw-banner](https://github.com/thirdweb-example/next-starter/assets/57885104/20c8ce3b-4e55-4f10-ae03-2fe4743a5ee8)

# thirdweb-next-starter

Starter template to build an onchain react native app with [thirdweb](https://thirdweb.com/) and [next](https://nextjs.org/).

## Installation

Install the template using [thirdweb create](https://portal.thirdweb.com/cli/create)

```bash
  npx thirdweb create app --next
```

## Environment Variables

To run this project, you will need to add the following environment variables to your .env file:

`CLIENT_ID`

To learn how to create a client ID, refer to the [client documentation](https://portal.thirdweb.com/typescript/v5/client). 

## Run locally

Install dependencies

```bash
yarn
```

Start development server

```bash
yarn dev
```

Create a production build

```bash
yarn build
```

Preview the production build

```bash
yarn start
```

## Resources

- [Documentation](https://portal.thirdweb.com/typescript/v5)
- [Templates](https://thirdweb.com/templates)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/thirdweb)
- [Blog](https://blog.thirdweb.com)

## Need help?

For help or feedback, please [visit our support site](https://thirdweb.com/support)

Commit message:

1. Forced Ethers to v6 2. Actually getting the frontend to talk to the smart contract

README.md, after:

# Fitcoin (name pending) dApp

## Gotchas
* [This took WAY longer than it should have](https://portal.thirdweb.com/react/v5/migrate/ethers-adapter#signer)

# Starter documentation below

![tw-banner](https://github.com/thirdweb-example/next-starter/assets/57885104/20c8ce3b-4e55-4f10-ae03-2fe4743a5ee8)

# thirdweb-next-starter

Starter template to build an onchain react native app with [thirdweb](https://thirdweb.com/) and [next](https://nextjs.org/).

## Installation

Install the template using [thirdweb create](https://portal.thirdweb.com/cli/create)

```bash
  npx thirdweb create app --next
```

## Gotchas
I didn't realize Sepolia isn't supported by Ethers v5, which was necessary to keep Thirdweb, it explains a lot.
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/76000755/error-unsupported-network-argument-network-value-namesepolia-chainid/77509498

## Environment Variables

To run this project, you will need to add the following environment variables to your .env file:

`CLIENT_ID`

To learn how to create a client ID, refer to the [client documentation](https://portal.thirdweb.com/typescript/v5/client). 

## Run locally

Install dependencies

```bash
yarn
```

Start development server

```bash
yarn dev
```

Create a production build

```bash
yarn build
```

Preview the production build

```bash
yarn start
```

## Resources

- [Documentation](https://portal.thirdweb.com/typescript/v5)
- [Templates](https://thirdweb.com/templates)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/thirdweb)
- [Blog](https://blog.thirdweb.com)

## Need help?

For help or feedback, please [visit our support site](https://thirdweb.com/support)
